0844

Many important discoveries or creations are accidental: it is usually while seeking the answer to one question that we come across the answer to another.

Antibody discovery through fungus on the bread for malaria
discovery of radio waves and gravitational waves
discovery of the fact that earth revovles around sun


Scientist and thinkers have unviled many discoveries that helped to better understand the processes happening around us e.g. how clouds are formed and how air on this planet is purified etc. Many discoveries came to surface due to the dedication and hard work of researchers who spend countless hours to prove or reject theories. It is evident from the history that knowledge we know about natural systems and processes is the result of well directed effort of specialized people of respective field of study. However, their are examples of laws and theories that were discovered when discoverers were chasing an answer of some other unrelated or related area of research. Let us consider the evidance provided by the supporters of both sides to analyze their stance on this issue.

Governments and private compainies employ best of researchers and critical thinkers, provide them with best available resources and spend billions of dollars each year to find solutions to the problems they are facing. People spend countless hours of hard work to find the reasons of particular process like how virsuses and bacterias are spreading and effecting the human health or how we can better transfer data from one place to another. For example, doctors and medical researchers worked round the clock to find how coronavirus is spreading and how it effecting the immune system of individuals. As the result, they came to conclusion that it is spreading through surfaces, air droplets released from carriers mouth while talking, seenzing or even breathing. This research let doctors understand that this virus has major effect on respiratory organs of human body and now they are working to find the vaccine to save hundered of thousands of people from the mouth of its pandemic. This example supports the position of people who support the idea that many important discovery was done beacuse of pointed and specialized research.

On the contrary, history tells us that few discoveries were done by chance and not by sheer effect to proof them. It is true that human mind is always looking for answers but a significant number of discoveres were done even when the discoverer was trying to find something else. The most notable example that supports this stance is the discovery of America to the european people. Columbus strated his journey on the sea to find a shorter path to Aisa from europe, which was an important trade route at that time. Instead, he found United States of America which was just an accident as 
when he reached the shore of american beach he did not know himself that he landed on American soil. Similarly, many discoveries or inventions were discovered and invented not intentionally.

By reviewing the examples and evidance provided by both sides it is nor easy to strongly agree with the statment that most important discoveries or inventions were accidental neither that they were a result of highly precise research. However, as we read the history of significant inventions and discoveires, it is clear that a large number of them were a result of not only hard work of a group of highly qualified individuals of that field but also a healthy government and private financial support and hence it can be concluded that it is true that most of the magical inventions and magnificant theories that we know of today were not accidental yet some of them were found when researcher was seeking an entirely different thing.



https://covidresult.nmcsunny.ae/index.php?bcode=102102402072&tkn=f15e0cc201597d1d3b0ea891c457754d04c0570cdf08afe6544dd9385218e500
